[birds tweeting]
[water trickling]
[birds squawk]
I have some more material.
It seems you will have
to identify and secure
the precise location
of his death.
By which I mean
the exact spot on the floor.
And tell Varney there is
definitely evidence
of a transmission mirror
in the possession of the court
at Targoviste.
I'm working to track down
more information.
From Carmilla's private stock.
Now show me the map of hell
you told me about,
or I'll tell her what you've
been doing with her shoes.
[grunts quietly]
[sizzling]
Morning.
Evening.
[grunts and sighs]
Fuck!
You broke it.
[sighs]
Half these billets are bad.
Your vampire blacksmiths
didn't follow my specifications.
A bad workman always blames
his vampires.
-[billet sizzling]
-[scoffs]
Don't you have anything
better to do?
Not right now.
Striga and Morana
have been away for weeks,
surveying the territories
to be annexed.
Carmilla is drawing maps.
[sighs]
It seems the time
when diplomacy
was required for anything
has passed.
Ah, so you're bored.
No. You're worried.
Shush.
Lenore, are they sidelining you?
They're not...
It's not like that.
Or, at least, they wouldn't
think of it like that.
Our lives have entered
a new phase.
Diplomacy, negotiations,
these are things
of the past now.
Hmm. Which makes you
a thing of the past,
and that is bothering you.
Look...
Carmilla's plan
buys us security
for hundreds of years.
I'm a child of war, Hector.
I was born
in a castle like this.
My parents died
when English soldiers
climbed up the toilet chutes
with knives in their teeth.
I'd seen enough war
before I was five years old,
and life didn't get better
after that.
But I will never be comfortable
with the idea that the best way
to end war
is to kill most of the people
and cage the rest.
Well, you are a diplomat.
[sighs]
Well, none of this will matter
if you don't make
that bloody hammer.
Why can't you just wave
your fingers like a wizard
to raise the dead,
or whatever?
[Hector] The forgemaster
works through an instrument.
That may be the worst
justification
for a man holding his penis
that I've ever heard.
Oh, my God.
And I am 200 years old.
[sighs]
Look...
I am a forgemaster.
I didn't invent the name,
all right?
That's just what they call us.
And the magic has to be focused
through an instrument,
like breath being pushed
through a flute.
This isn't getting any better.
I need the bloody hammer.
Is that better?
So use a bloody hammer.
There must be a thousand
bloody hammers around here.
No, it's got to be special.
[scoffs]
Your special hammer.
[laughs]
Would you stop?
It has to be made from scratch,
in a very particular way,
or else it won't work.
Like a flute with no holes.
Right.
-For fingering.
-[laughs]
Would you stop?
So when you blow it,
nothing comes out.
Good god, woman.
I'm bored, and it's fun
to horrify you.
Indulge me.
And think of something
to tell Carmilla.
She's getting very cross.
Oh, dear. How sad.
Never mind.
Seriously.
You've supposedly been making
your magic hammer for weeks.
Couldn't you make
something simpler?
A stick, or a coin,
or something?
We all use different things.
Isaac used a knife.
A hammer works better for me.
Well, make it work faster.
If Carmilla loses her temper,
I won't be able to stand
in front of you for long.
You'd stand in front of me?
I've been doing it for weeks.
Huh. Yes.
Yes, I suppose you have.
Well, thank you.
I'm working on it.
You know what I'm going to say.
Hmm.
Work faster.
Yes.
Yes, but it needs to be perfect,
or nothing will come out
of the end.
Ugh, you're disgusting.
Has Hector made
his fucking hammer yet?
He's still working on it.
He's stalling.
He's too simple for that.
-No.
-No?
No.
There's a deviousness in him.
Would you suspect a rag doll
of planning to steal
your coin purse?
You mistake that puppy thing
for being placid and stupid.
He can kill.
He tried, once.
It was half-hearted at best.
Mm. See?
See what? You weren't there.
He was confused and frightened,
and barely even knew
what he was doing.
I'm warning you.
All right?
I'm just warning you.
Please, would Dracula have kept
him around in his own castle
if he were that dangerous?
[sighs]
I would have liked that castle.
Dracula's castle?
Yes.
I didn't see a lot of it,
in the end.
But I'm sure it was full
of interesting
and wonderful things.
I am compelled to point out that
you already have a nice castle.
Why would you want his?
Because I take things away
from stupid, evil old men.
It's what I do.
I've always done it.
They deserve to lose everything.
And I deserve to have
all their stuff.
You could just make new things.
Why would I waste my time,
when I can just take
whatever I want
and then kill whoever had them?
[chuckles]
Look at my map.
From here to Braila.
That land and those villages
and towns belong to old men.
All of them.
And I'm going to take them.
This castle belonged
to a stupid, evil old man.
I took it.
The land from here to Braila,
ruled by stupid old men.
Devastated by one single
stupid old man.
There for the taking.
And will you be happy
when you have all that?
Just look at this.
Look.
Do you know how many regional
vampire rulers died at Braila?
I didn't know
I had to count them.
Well, you should.
It was a lot.
These are just the ones
I'm certain of.
[Lenore]
These little flags?
[Carmilla]
That's right.
All these regions
without direct vampire rule.
Just waiting for someone
to take control.
Surely their underlings will
raise someone up into command.
Unless we were there first.
Why would we do that?
This is the world, Lenore.
We could take the entire world
for our own.
Wouldn't you want that?
I don't know.
The "sweet little girl" act
doesn't work on me, Lenore.
Try again.
I really don't know.
I...I never thought
about anything that big before.
Start.
Answer my question first.
Will you be happy
when you have all this?
The first part of my life
was men taking things from me.
And then I took their lives.
And their things.
And their homes.
And then we took Styria.
After which
we formed our little enclave.
We tried not to do more harm.
We tried to make a home.
And when the wolf people
came from the north,
and the armies
from the west,
and every other bastard
came for us.
And we asked for help.
What did the rest
of the vampire world say?
"Bloody women," they said.
"Let them die," they said.
So I'm going to take everything
from everybody.
I was in Dracula's castle.
I went there to see
what I could get out of it.
Get some more power
for myself.
Some more security for us.
What I found was him
and his people just fucking it up.
And I saw, right there,
that I could take the world away
from him
and have it for myself!
[grunts]
The world, Lenore!
Will I be happy
when I've done that?
I don't know.
I don't know if I even care.
But I will have everything
that they had.
And they will all be dead.
I will have the world I want,
Lenore,
and that...
that will be enough.
Having everything
will be enough.
Having the world.
And all of them being dead.
Is this what it was all for?
What on earth did you think
this was all about?
[hammer clinks on metal]
[sizzling and crackling]
I think he finished his hammer.
[Sypha]
Well, this won't be terrible,
for one night.
[Trevor] Look, it's even got
an attractive window.
In the roof.
Perfect.
Sleeping under starlight.
[Trevor]
And targeted by bird shit.
[Sypha] I haven't seen
a single bird since we got here.
-Really?
-[wood creaking]
I can hear something
up in the rafters.
Oh, shit.
[creature growling]
[snarling]
[Trevor]
Here we go again.
Try not to burn the barn down
while we're in it.
I did that one time.
[roars]
One time was enough.
[Sypha]
It had a giant spider in it.
[grunts]
It wasn't giant.
-[roars]
-It was ten feet tall.
Maybe eight.
So, what, eight feet tall
isn't giant?
Fuck me.
These bastards again.
They're very good,
aren't they?
They're annoying.
And young.
[Varney]
I suppose.
[Ratko]
Pretty.
Smooth skin.
What, did you want to nip down
there and marry them?
[hissing]
I want to wear their skin.
[groans]
[creature roars]
[grunts]
Are you sure you don't want me
to set fire to things?
I'm thinking it might
be an option now.
[creatures snarling]
[grunts]
[snarling]
[squeals]
[grunts]
[both grunt and whimper]
[Sypha]
Whoa!
-[grunts]
-[squeals]
[groans]
[groaning]
[grunting]
[roars]
[yells]
[screams]
-[snarling]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[panting]
Thanks.
We somehow managed
to walk right into that one.
It wasn't for you.
The trap was for us.
I'm Trevor Belmont.
This is Sypha Belnades.
Zamfir. Head guard to the
Underground Court of Targoviste.
The what?
The ruling family
of Targoviste
survived Dracula's
first assault.
But, later, the vampires
and night creatures came,
and it was safer to move them
into the catacombs
under the city.
I'm amazed anyone's still alive,
let alone the royal family.
I run the resistance
against the devils.
Hell itself has attempted
to curse our golden city,
but we will not allow it.
[Trevor]
I'm sorry about your people.
[Sypha]
We are grateful for your aid.
They died for the Court.
Well, they did die.
They were your friends,
were they not?
[Sypha] We have been
following signs of some plot
to return Dracula to Earth.
Does this mean
anything to you?
There's a nest of vampires
in the city who wish it.
They are trying to find
the Underground Court,
to ransack its many magical
treasures for their cause.
[Trevor] We would be interested
in seeing this court.
[Sypha]
To evaluate the threat.
We would be delighted
to have you join
the royal struggle.
Well, good.
Help us save Targoviste.
Gladly.
But not yet.
I cannot take you to the court
until I am certain
I can trust you.
[creaking]
Oh, shit.
[Sypha]
Well, she was...interesting.
You mean a little crazy.
Oh, yes.
[Trevor]
You poor bastards.
-What are you doing?
-Nothing.
Oh, I know you're not
robbing the dead.
Absolutely not.
Hmm. Hmm.
And I've seen enough
glowing rocks for a while.
They lead to trouble.
Quite right too.
Why invite trouble?
We never do that.
Frederator!